# UNTANGLE
DOUBTS AND GRIEVANCE SOLVER
# PROBLEMS WE ARE FACING CURRENTLY : 
We, as students, usually have doubts and grievances,official or personal, regarding academics, housing, courses and much more, which are sometimes left unentertained. Most of the students are unaware of the correct platform to put forth their problems and get their solutions readily. There is no such platform where they can post their grievance practically anywhere, anytime....There are many events organizedby the various clubs, a lot of important stuff to be updated by them about their new developments or on-going work ...but no platform where these announcements can be made easily and instantly.The seniors here are really helpful, but there is no such common platform where they can address the problems of their juniors who are completely unknown to them, but require their help the most! Even during this time, whenall are quarantinedat theirhomes...most of the children usually have common doubts and grievances...but some are unable to put them forth on the correct platform to get quick solutions.
# SOLUTION TO THSESE PROBLEMS:
To solve these problems...we bring our app Untangle at our rescue. This app aims at providing a common platform to our college for the doubts and grievances solving of the students. It will enable the students to directly and easily get all their doubts and grievances clarified anywhere, anytime. It will help to bridge the gap between the administration and student body.It will be an aid inreducing the redundant doubtsand addressingthem only once.FUNCTIONALITY OF THE APPUntangle will allow students to register only from their college email id’s. The students will be able to post their doubts and grievances easily either privately (only visible to them and the admin) or publicly. The posts would easily be filtered with the help of several filters. Comments section in every post would allow the other students to help as well and communicate about the problem on a common platform thereby quickening the process of solution finding. Their posts will display a Status option which can only be changed by the admin. The college administration will be able to login into the app using their respective college email ids and a common password. The admin will also be able tomake announcements. The administration will have the sole right of changing the status of various posts and updating the students about their grievances. To ensure the validation of the posts, the admin will be able to view the details of every student posting his/her grievance. Just like the Admin the clubs will also be able to make announcements. To provide a personalized experience the app will allow the users to star the posts, they consider to be important,and view them separately. Thus,this app would help in the efficient working of the college!
# MEASURES TO AVOID SPAMMING:
1.The students will only be able to loginusing their college email id’s
2.A verification link will be sentto the childrenon their respective college id’son registration.Only after the verificationthey will be allowed to login into the app.
3.The admin will be able to view the details like name,admission number,branchand college email id of anyone who posts.Only the admin can see these details

